content/cpa_privacy_policy.md, before:

---
title: Compare Price Across (CPA) Privacy Policy
date: 2023-06-18
draft: false
---

Privacy Policy for comparepriceacross.com

Effective Date: 06/18/2023

This Privacy Policy outlines how comparepriceacross.com collects, uses, and protects the personal information of its users. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors. By using comparepriceacross.com, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

## 1. Information Collection

### 1.1 Google Analytics and Google AdSense

comparepriceacross.com uses Google Analytics and Google AdSense, which may collect certain non-personal information through the use of cookies and similar technologies. This information includes your browser type, device information, IP address, and website usage data. It is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather demographic information. This data is collected and processed by Google according to their privacy policies.

## 2. Use of Information

### 2.1 Google Analytics and Google AdSense

The information collected through Google Analytics and Google AdSense is used to improve the functionality and performance of comparepriceacross.com, personalize your experience, and analyze usage patterns. This data helps us optimize our content and advertising to provide you with a better browsing experience.

## 3. Information Sharing

### 3.1 Third-Party Service Providers

We may engage trusted third-party service providers to assist us in operating our website, conducting business, or providing services to you. These service providers may have access to certain non-personal information collected through Google Analytics and Google AdSense to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They are obligated to handle your information confidentially and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.

## 4. Email Communication

### 4.1 Voluntary Email Submissions

If you choose to contact us via email, we may collect your name and email address. This information is used solely to respond to your inquiries, comments, or requests. We will not use this information for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

## 5. Data Security

### 5.1 Security Measures

We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the personal information we collect. However, please be aware that no method of transmission or storage can guarantee absolute security, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

## 6. Links to Third-Party Websites

### 6.1 External Links

comparepriceacross.com may contain links to third-party websites. We do not have control over the privacy practices or content of these websites and are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these websites before providing any personal information.

## 7. Children's Privacy

### 7.1 Children Under 13

comparepriceacross.com is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13, please contact us, and we will promptly delete the information.

## 8. Updates to this Privacy Policy

### 8.1 Policy Changes

We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on comparepriceacross.com. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates.

For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at [provide contact information].

Commit message:

Add mobile section to privacy policy

content/cpa_privacy_policy.md, after:

---
title: Compare Price Across (CPA) Privacy Policy
date: 2023-06-18
draft: false
---

Privacy Policy for comparepriceacross.com

Effective Date: 06/18/2023

This Privacy Policy outlines how comparepriceacross.com collects, uses, and protects the personal information of its users. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors. By using comparepriceacross.com, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

## 1. Information Collection

### 1.1 Google Analytics and Google AdSense

comparepriceacross.com uses Google Analytics and Google AdSense, which may collect certain non-personal information through the use of cookies and similar technologies. This information includes your browser type, device information, IP address, and website usage data. It is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather demographic information. This data is collected and processed by Google according to their privacy policies.

## 2. Use of Information

### 2.1 Google Analytics and Google AdSense

The information collected through Google Analytics and Google AdSense is used to improve the functionality and performance of comparepriceacross.com, personalize your experience, and analyze usage patterns. This data helps us optimize our content and advertising to provide you with a better browsing experience.

## 3. Information Sharing

### 3.1 Third-Party Service Providers

We may engage trusted third-party service providers to assist us in operating our website, conducting business, or providing services to you. These service providers may have access to certain non-personal information collected through Google Analytics and Google AdSense to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They are obligated to handle your information confidentially and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.

## 4. Email Communication

### 4.1 Voluntary Email Submissions

If you choose to contact us via email, we may collect your name and email address. This information is used solely to respond to your inquiries, comments, or requests. We will not use this information for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

## 5. Data Security

### 5.1 Security Measures

We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the personal information we collect. However, please be aware that no method of transmission or storage can guarantee absolute security, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

## 6. Links to Third-Party Websites

### 6.1 External Links

comparepriceacross.com may contain links to third-party websites. We do not have control over the privacy practices or content of these websites and are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these websites before providing any personal information.

## 7. Children's Privacy

### 7.1 Children Under 13

comparepriceacross.com is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13, please contact us, and we will promptly delete the information.

## 8. Mobile Information

### 8.1 Mobile Information Usage

No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties

## 9. Updates to this Privacy Policy

### 9.1 Policy Changes

We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on comparepriceacross.com. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates.

For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at info@comparepriceacross.com.
