content/post/affordable_alternatives_to_van_cleef_and_arpels_jewelry.md, before:

---
title: "Affordable alternatives to Van Cleef and Arpels jewelry"
date: 2023-05-24T04:07:34Z
categories:
  - Fashion
tags:
- Affordable jewelry finds
- Budget-friendly jewelry alternatives
- Fashion on a budget
- Affordable luxury accessories
- Dupes and alternatives
- Affordable designer-inspired jewelry
- Get the look for less
- Affordable fashion jewelry
- Affordable statement pieces
- Budget-friendly jewelry dupes
- Van Cleef and Arpels Dupes
- Clover Motif Dupes
---

# Affordable Dupes for the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace: Get the Look for Less!

Are you captivated by the exquisite allure of the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace but deterred by its steep price tag? If so, you're not alone. This iconic piece of jewelry has long been synonymous with luxury and elegance, adorning the necks of the fashion elite. But fret not! We're here to unveil the secret to owning this coveted necklace without breaking the bank. Get ready to discover a world of affordable dupes that offer the same enchanting beauty at a fraction of the cost.

In this comprehensive guide, we'll embark on a journey through the realm of affordable jewelry alternatives, where we reveal the top dupes for the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace. Our curated selection captures the essence of the original design, allowing you to embrace your unique style and make a statement that turns heads. Whether you're a fashion enthusiast seeking the perfect accessory or a smart shopper looking for value, we've got you covered. Join us as we uncover the secrets to finding the ultimate Van Cleef and Arpels dupe, enabling you to indulge in elegance without compromising your budget. It's time to get the look for less and unleash your inner fashionista.


<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.vancleefarpels.com/us/en/collections/jewelry/alhambra/vcarp2r000---vintage-alhambra-long-necklace-20-motifs.html"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://voguesg.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/02173021/Van-cleef-arpels-carine-roitfeld-2-2021-vogue-sg-680x1020.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## Over $500 Range:
- [Bloomingdale's Quatrefoil Link Statement Necklace in 14K Yellow Gold](https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/bloomingdales-quatrefoil-link-statement-necklace-in-14k-yellow-gold-100-exclusive?ID=4208538)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/bloomingdales-quatrefoil-link-statement-necklace-in-14k-yellow-gold-100-exclusive?ID=4208538"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://images.bloomingdalesassets.com/is/image/BLM/products/7/optimized/11857647_fpx.tif?op_sharpen=1&wid=300&fit=fit,1&$filtersm$&fmt=webp" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [MACY'S Clover Necklace in 14k Gold](https://www.macys.com/shop/product/clover-necklace-in-14k-gold?ID=2421915&pla_country=US&CAGPSPN=pla)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.macys.com/shop/product/clover-necklace-in-14k-gold?ID=2421915&pla_country=US&CAGPSPN=pla"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://slimages.macysassets.com/is/image/MCY/products/0/optimized/3106750_fpx.tif?op_sharpen=1&wid=300&hei=855&fit=fit,1&fmt=webp" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## $100 - $500 Range:
- [14K Gold Clover Mother of Pearl Station Necklace by DMKjewelryCo on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1159886931/14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station?ref=listing_page_ad_row-4&plkey=071e3cd0070633e6cce3ce69d06a906a356cf96c%3A1159886931&listing_id=1159886931&listing_slug=14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1159886931/14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station?ref=listing_page_ad_row-4&plkey=071e3cd0070633e6cce3ce69d06a906a356cf96c%3A1159886931&listing_id=1159886931&listing_slug=14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/13172531/r/il/b48cd4/3642623119/il_1588xN.3642623119_3wyg.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Kate Spade Heritage Bloom Scatter Necklace](https://www.katespade.com/products/heritage-bloom-scatter-necklace/KD304.html?frp=KD304%20Q2F)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.katespade.com/products/heritage-bloom-scatter-necklace/KD304.html?frp=KD304%20Q2F"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://images.katespade.com/is/image/KateSpade/KD304_100?$desktopProduct$" width="300" /></a>
</p>

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## $50 - $100 Range:
- [Nordstrom Rack's 14K Gold Vermeil CZ Enamel Clover Necklace](https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/gabi-rielle-14k-gold-vermeil-cz-enamel-clover-necklace/7149291?color=GOLD&size=one+size&utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=seo_shopping&utm_channel=low_nd_seo_shopping)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/gabi-rielle-14k-gold-vermeil-cz-enamel-clover-necklace/7149291?color=GOLD&size=one+size&utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=seo_shopping&utm_channel=low_nd_seo_shopping"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://n.nordstrommedia.com/id/sr3/44f52e49-8cc5-40d9-9b7f-36fb12b6c7d3.jpeg?crop=pad&pad_color=FFF&format=jpeg&w=780&h=1196&dpr=2" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [14k Gold Moissanite Clover Necklace by Lavense on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1365990634/14k-gold-moissanite-clover-necklace?gpla=1&gao=1&)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1365990634/14k-gold-moissanite-clover-necklace?gpla=1&gao=1&"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/37830045/r/il/b11a58/4456441000/il_1588xN.4456441000_al3w.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## Less than $50 Range:
- [Adornia White Mother of Pearl Station Chain Necklace](https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/white-mother-of-pearl-station-chain-necklace/6714003)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/white-mother-of-pearl-station-chain-necklace/6714003"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://n.nordstrommedia.com/id/sr3/2d742680-e45a-4069-841e-22c77058b04a.jpeg?crop=pad&pad_color=FFF&format=jpeg&w=780&h=1196&dpr=2" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Gold Plated Four Leaf Clover Necklace, 5 Motifs Four Leaf Clover Necklace by KittyMinimalist on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1459568959/gold-plated-four-leaf-clover-necklace-5?click_key=798ee9cef47ce9689db53f2b2c1c0189c7b5e0f3%3A1459568959&click_sum=8c8db043&ref=related-2)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1459568959/gold-plated-four-leaf-clover-necklace-5?click_key=798ee9cef47ce9689db53f2b2c1c0189c7b5e0f3%3A1459568959&click_sum=8c8db043&ref=related-2"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/41963766/r/il/1577ec/4886484663/il_1588xN.4886484663_hpcw.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Lucky Clover Sets Necklace Pendant Earrings Bracelet for Women Girls 18k Gold Plated on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0BY41H6V6/ref=sspa_dk_detail_3?psc=1&pd_rd_i=B0BY41H6V6&pd_rd_w=QzJzY&content-id=amzn1.sym.f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_p=f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_r=BDFDEE5342Q77S6817ZX&pd_rd_wg=stIiW&pd_rd_r=40b3e5cf-390f-409c-879a-dcebe02b4470&s=apparel&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9kZXRhaWw)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0BY41H6V6/ref=sspa_dk_detail_3?psc=1&pd_rd_i=B0BY41H6V6&pd_rd_w=QzJzY&content-id=amzn1.sym.f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_p=f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_r=BDFDEE5342Q77S6817ZX&pd_rd_wg=stIiW&pd_rd_r=40b3e5cf-390f-409c-879a-dcebe02b4470&s=apparel&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9kZXRhaWw"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61I-msfQoML._AC_UX679_.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add thumbnail meta tag and og:image tag using featured_image page param

content/post/affordable_alternatives_to_van_cleef_and_arpels_jewelry.md, after:

---
title: "Affordable alternatives to Van Cleef and Arpels jewelry"
date: 2023-05-24T04:07:34Z
featured_image: "https://voguesg.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/02173021/Van-cleef-arpels-carine-roitfeld-2-2021-vogue-sg-680x1020.jpg"
featured_image_caption: "Affordable Dupes for the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace"
categories:
  - Fashion
tags:
- Affordable jewelry finds
- Budget-friendly jewelry alternatives
- Fashion on a budget
- Affordable luxury accessories
- Dupes and alternatives
- Affordable designer-inspired jewelry
- Get the look for less
- Affordable fashion jewelry
- Affordable statement pieces
- Budget-friendly jewelry dupes
- Van Cleef and Arpels Dupes
- Clover Motif Dupes
---

# Affordable Dupes for the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace: Get the Look for Less!

Are you captivated by the exquisite allure of the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace but deterred by its steep price tag? If so, you're not alone. This iconic piece of jewelry has long been synonymous with luxury and elegance, adorning the necks of the fashion elite. But fret not! We're here to unveil the secret to owning this coveted necklace without breaking the bank. Get ready to discover a world of affordable dupes that offer the same enchanting beauty at a fraction of the cost.

In this comprehensive guide, we'll embark on a journey through the realm of affordable jewelry alternatives, where we reveal the top dupes for the Van Cleef and Arpels Alhambra Long Necklace. Our curated selection captures the essence of the original design, allowing you to embrace your unique style and make a statement that turns heads. Whether you're a fashion enthusiast seeking the perfect accessory or a smart shopper looking for value, we've got you covered. Join us as we uncover the secrets to finding the ultimate Van Cleef and Arpels dupe, enabling you to indulge in elegance without compromising your budget. It's time to get the look for less and unleash your inner fashionista.


<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.vancleefarpels.com/us/en/collections/jewelry/alhambra/vcarp2r000---vintage-alhambra-long-necklace-20-motifs.html"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://voguesg.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/02173021/Van-cleef-arpels-carine-roitfeld-2-2021-vogue-sg-680x1020.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## Over $500 Range:
- [Bloomingdale's Quatrefoil Link Statement Necklace in 14K Yellow Gold](https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/bloomingdales-quatrefoil-link-statement-necklace-in-14k-yellow-gold-100-exclusive?ID=4208538)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/bloomingdales-quatrefoil-link-statement-necklace-in-14k-yellow-gold-100-exclusive?ID=4208538"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://images.bloomingdalesassets.com/is/image/BLM/products/7/optimized/11857647_fpx.tif?op_sharpen=1&wid=300&fit=fit,1&$filtersm$&fmt=webp" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [MACY'S Clover Necklace in 14k Gold](https://www.macys.com/shop/product/clover-necklace-in-14k-gold?ID=2421915&pla_country=US&CAGPSPN=pla)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.macys.com/shop/product/clover-necklace-in-14k-gold?ID=2421915&pla_country=US&CAGPSPN=pla"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://slimages.macysassets.com/is/image/MCY/products/0/optimized/3106750_fpx.tif?op_sharpen=1&wid=300&hei=855&fit=fit,1&fmt=webp" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## $100 - $500 Range:
- [14K Gold Clover Mother of Pearl Station Necklace by DMKjewelryCo on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1159886931/14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station?ref=listing_page_ad_row-4&plkey=071e3cd0070633e6cce3ce69d06a906a356cf96c%3A1159886931&listing_id=1159886931&listing_slug=14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1159886931/14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station?ref=listing_page_ad_row-4&plkey=071e3cd0070633e6cce3ce69d06a906a356cf96c%3A1159886931&listing_id=1159886931&listing_slug=14k-gold-clover-mother-of-pearl-station"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/13172531/r/il/b48cd4/3642623119/il_1588xN.3642623119_3wyg.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Kate Spade Heritage Bloom Scatter Necklace](https://www.katespade.com/products/heritage-bloom-scatter-necklace/KD304.html?frp=KD304%20Q2F)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.katespade.com/products/heritage-bloom-scatter-necklace/KD304.html?frp=KD304%20Q2F"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://images.katespade.com/is/image/KateSpade/KD304_100?$desktopProduct$" width="300" /></a>
</p>

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## $50 - $100 Range:
- [Nordstrom Rack's 14K Gold Vermeil CZ Enamel Clover Necklace](https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/gabi-rielle-14k-gold-vermeil-cz-enamel-clover-necklace/7149291?color=GOLD&size=one+size&utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=seo_shopping&utm_channel=low_nd_seo_shopping)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/gabi-rielle-14k-gold-vermeil-cz-enamel-clover-necklace/7149291?color=GOLD&size=one+size&utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=seo_shopping&utm_channel=low_nd_seo_shopping"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://n.nordstrommedia.com/id/sr3/44f52e49-8cc5-40d9-9b7f-36fb12b6c7d3.jpeg?crop=pad&pad_color=FFF&format=jpeg&w=780&h=1196&dpr=2" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [14k Gold Moissanite Clover Necklace by Lavense on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1365990634/14k-gold-moissanite-clover-necklace?gpla=1&gao=1&)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1365990634/14k-gold-moissanite-clover-necklace?gpla=1&gao=1&"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/37830045/r/il/b11a58/4456441000/il_1588xN.4456441000_al3w.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

## Less than $50 Range:
- [Adornia White Mother of Pearl Station Chain Necklace](https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/white-mother-of-pearl-station-chain-necklace/6714003)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.nordstromrack.com/s/white-mother-of-pearl-station-chain-necklace/6714003"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://n.nordstrommedia.com/id/sr3/2d742680-e45a-4069-841e-22c77058b04a.jpeg?crop=pad&pad_color=FFF&format=jpeg&w=780&h=1196&dpr=2" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Gold Plated Four Leaf Clover Necklace, 5 Motifs Four Leaf Clover Necklace by KittyMinimalist on Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1459568959/gold-plated-four-leaf-clover-necklace-5?click_key=798ee9cef47ce9689db53f2b2c1c0189c7b5e0f3%3A1459568959&click_sum=8c8db043&ref=related-2)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/listing/1459568959/gold-plated-four-leaf-clover-necklace-5?click_key=798ee9cef47ce9689db53f2b2c1c0189c7b5e0f3%3A1459568959&click_sum=8c8db043&ref=related-2"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://i.etsystatic.com/41963766/r/il/1577ec/4886484663/il_1588xN.4886484663_hpcw.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>

- [Lucky Clover Sets Necklace Pendant Earrings Bracelet for Women Girls 18k Gold Plated on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0BY41H6V6/ref=sspa_dk_detail_3?psc=1&pd_rd_i=B0BY41H6V6&pd_rd_w=QzJzY&content-id=amzn1.sym.f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_p=f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_r=BDFDEE5342Q77S6817ZX&pd_rd_wg=stIiW&pd_rd_r=40b3e5cf-390f-409c-879a-dcebe02b4470&s=apparel&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9kZXRhaWw)

<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0BY41H6V6/ref=sspa_dk_detail_3?psc=1&pd_rd_i=B0BY41H6V6&pd_rd_w=QzJzY&content-id=amzn1.sym.f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_p=f734d1a2-0bf9-4a26-ad34-2e1b969a5a75&pf_rd_r=BDFDEE5342Q77S6817ZX&pd_rd_wg=stIiW&pd_rd_r=40b3e5cf-390f-409c-879a-dcebe02b4470&s=apparel&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9kZXRhaWw"><img style="border: 5px solid #555" src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61I-msfQoML._AC_UX679_.jpg" width="300" /></a>
</p>
