content/post/bath_toys.md, before:

---
title: "Bath Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T04:21:58Z
draft: true
tags: ["Toys", "Bath Toys"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Bath Toys Guide -->
In this post I'm going to introduce a couple of handy bath toys for one to two year babies.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Suction Cup
**Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys:**

These toys are colorful and engaging for babies. Keep in mind that these cups are pretty adhesive when they are web and need an adult to detach them from the wet surface.

[![Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71qla4ysStL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017IQZA76/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017IQZA76/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)


[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=suction%20cups%20toys)


<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Bath Letters & Numbers
**Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe:**

Great for learning colors, numbers and letters:

[![Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91kG7tn40nL._SL450_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0763MSYLZ/ref=sspa_dk_detail_1?&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe**](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0763MSYLZ/ref=sspa_dk_detail_1?&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=Bath%20Letters%20&%20Numbers)


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Fountain Rocket
**Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket:**

This one is probably one of the most fun bath toys. Dunk the rocket to fill it with water, lift off and the water escapes in a magical dome shape:

[![Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51R6LYS8tfL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00RZSRKL2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00RZSRKL2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

Note: Since this is only carried by amazon to the best of my knowledge I'm not providing a "Compare Price Across It" link here!

Commit message:

removed meta description from baseof.html and added customjized descriptions to posts

content/post/bath_toys.md, after:

---
title: "Bath Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T04:21:58Z
draft: true
description: "Gift ideas for bath toys for two year babies"
tags: ["Toys", "Bath Toys"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Bath Toys Guide -->
In this post I'm going to introduce a couple of handy bath toys for one to two year babies.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Suction Cup
**Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys:**

These toys are colorful and engaging for babies. Keep in mind that these cups are pretty adhesive when they are web and need an adult to detach them from the wet surface.

[![Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71qla4ysStL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017IQZA76/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Boon Jellies Suction Cup Bath Toys**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B017IQZA76/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)


[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=suction%20cups%20toys)


<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Bath Letters & Numbers
**Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe:**

Great for learning colors, numbers and letters:

[![Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91kG7tn40nL._SL450_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0763MSYLZ/ref=sspa_dk_detail_1?&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Comfylife 2 x Mesh Bath Toy Organizer + 6 Ultra Strong Hooks + 36 Bath Letters & Numbers – Eco-Safe**](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0763MSYLZ/ref=sspa_dk_detail_1?&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=Bath%20Letters%20&%20Numbers)


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Fountain Rocket
**Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket:**

This one is probably one of the most fun bath toys. Dunk the rocket to fill it with water, lift off and the water escapes in a magical dome shape:

[![Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51R6LYS8tfL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00RZSRKL2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Toomies Tomy Fountain Rocket**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00RZSRKL2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

Note: Since this is only carried by amazon to the best of my knowledge I'm not providing a "Compare Price Across It" link here!
