content/post/music_toys.md, before:

---
title: "Music Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T17:55:15Z
draft: true
tags: ["Toys", "Musical Instruments"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Music Toys Guide -->
Musical instruments help boost toddler cognitive skills, enhance their memory, and develop gross and fine motor skills.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Tiny Piano
**Korg Tiny Piano Black:**

Korg Tiny piano is beautiful, durable, high quality and fun to play with. Korg Tiny Piano has four buttons/knobs: Power, volume, sound, and song. You can use the sound button to change Piano sound and the song button to play lots and lots of pieces of music ranging from well known pieces of classic music to nursery rhymes. The piano consumes good amount of power, so if you are not using it better to use the power button to turn it off to avoid depleting the batteries. I have provided the link to the black version but the red color also looks very nice.

[![Korg Tiny Piano Black](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71VM7WKpISL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GMCEOB6?pf_rd_p=183f5289-9dc0-416f-942e-e8f213ef368b&amp;pf_rd_r=6AZBHDRT426MR137EQ8S&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=3d7bdcbef93cebd308b86a2acd76a985&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Korg Tiny Piano Black**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GMCEOB6?pf_rd_p=183f5289-9dc0-416f-942e-e8f213ef368b&amp;pf_rd_r=6AZBHDRT426MR137EQ8S&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=3d7bdcbef93cebd308b86a2acd76a985&camp=1789&creative=9325)

<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Xylophone

**aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids:**

When it comes to Xylophones, I like something that feels natural and sounds clear and sharp. My choice of Xylophone is aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids. The colors on this product are so vivid and the quality is definitely outstanding. You can play most of nursery rhymes (e.g. twinkle twinkle, row row row your boat, etc.) with this Xylophone and yes the sound quality is sharp, clear and pleasant.

[![aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/612fhG3nl8L._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01JLQBNLS/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01JLQBNLS/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=xylophone)

Commit message:

removed meta description from baseof.html and added customjized descriptions to posts

content/post/music_toys.md, after:

---
title: "Music Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T17:55:15Z
draft: true
description: "Gift ideas for musical instruments such as Korg tiny piano and Xylophones for toddlers."
tags: ["Toys", "Musical Instruments"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Music Toys Guide -->
Musical instruments help boost toddler cognitive skills, enhance their memory, and develop gross and fine motor skills.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Tiny Piano
**Korg Tiny Piano Black:**

Korg Tiny piano is beautiful, durable, high quality and fun to play with. Korg Tiny Piano has four buttons/knobs: Power, volume, sound, and song. You can use the sound button to change Piano sound and the song button to play lots and lots of pieces of music ranging from well known pieces of classic music to nursery rhymes. The piano consumes good amount of power, so if you are not using it better to use the power button to turn it off to avoid depleting the batteries. I have provided the link to the black version but the red color also looks very nice.

[![Korg Tiny Piano Black](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71VM7WKpISL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GMCEOB6?pf_rd_p=183f5289-9dc0-416f-942e-e8f213ef368b&amp;pf_rd_r=6AZBHDRT426MR137EQ8S&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=3d7bdcbef93cebd308b86a2acd76a985&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Korg Tiny Piano Black**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GMCEOB6?pf_rd_p=183f5289-9dc0-416f-942e-e8f213ef368b&amp;pf_rd_r=6AZBHDRT426MR137EQ8S&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=3d7bdcbef93cebd308b86a2acd76a985&camp=1789&creative=9325)

<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Xylophone

**aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids:**

When it comes to Xylophones, I like something that feels natural and sounds clear and sharp. My choice of Xylophone is aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids. The colors on this product are so vivid and the quality is definitely outstanding. You can play most of nursery rhymes (e.g. twinkle twinkle, row row row your boat, etc.) with this Xylophone and yes the sound quality is sharp, clear and pleasant.

[![aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/612fhG3nl8L._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01JLQBNLS/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**aGreatLife Wooden Xylophone for Kids**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01JLQBNLS/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[Compare Price Across It](http://comparepriceacross.com:1313/?sqr=xylophone)
