content/post/wooden_puzzle_toys.md, before:

---
title: "Wooden Puzzle Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T18:30:37Z
draft: true
tags: ["Toys", "Wooden Puzzle"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Wooden Puzzle Toys Guide -->
Wooden puzzles teach toddlers how to focus on a task and use their fine motor skills to solve it. They are also good for their cognitive skills.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Layered Puzzle

**HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle:**

This is a cute 4 pieces wooden puzzle. At the bottom of the board you'll place a tiny helicopter, next goes an ambulance, followed by a fire engine and finally the police car.

Recommended for ages 1 and up.

[![HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/614eCQGPJwL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01L0WI7OW/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01L0WI7OW/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Wooden Latches Board

**Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board :**

This puzzle is very unique. It has 6 different types of latches and there is a surprise behind each door.

Recommended for ages 36 months - 5 years.

[![Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91n0cuhKYfL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07SBLLVTT/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07SBLLVTT/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Knob Puzzle

**Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle :**

Unfortunately this puzzle is currently unavailable. I still paste the link below in case it becomes available again or you want to browse similar products.

Recommended for ages 12 months and up

[![Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91UwxunvBZL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006WZO28I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006WZO28I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

Commit message:

removed meta description from baseof.html and added customjized descriptions to posts

content/post/wooden_puzzle_toys.md, after:

---
title: "Wooden Puzzle Toys"
date: 2019-09-14T18:30:37Z
draft: true
description: "Gift ideas for wooden puzzles for toddlers with helicopter, ambulence and fire engine shapes"
tags: ["Toys", "Wooden Puzzle"]
---

<!-- # Ultimate Wooden Puzzle Toys Guide -->
Wooden puzzles teach toddlers how to focus on a task and use their fine motor skills to solve it. They are also good for their cognitive skills.

Without any further due MUSG presents:

## Layered Puzzle

**HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle:**

This is a cute 4 pieces wooden puzzle. At the bottom of the board you'll place a tiny helicopter, next goes an ambulance, followed by a fire engine and finally the police car.

Recommended for ages 1 and up.

[![HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/614eCQGPJwL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01L0WI7OW/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**HABA Emergency Call 4 Piece Layered Wooden Puzzle**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01L0WI7OW/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

<!--more-->

<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Wooden Latches Board

**Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board :**

This puzzle is very unique. It has 6 different types of latches and there is a surprise behind each door.

Recommended for ages 36 months - 5 years.

[![Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91n0cuhKYfL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07SBLLVTT/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Melissa & Doug Wooden Latches Board**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07SBLLVTT/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)


<script async src="https://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- cpa -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-2843564932689995"
     data-ad-slot="3526097725"
     data-ad-format="auto"
     data-full-width-responsive="true"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script>

## Knob Puzzle

**Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle :**

Unfortunately this puzzle is currently unavailable. I still paste the link below in case it becomes available again or you want to browse similar products.

Recommended for ages 12 months and up

[![Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91UwxunvBZL._SL500_.jpg)](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006WZO28I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)

[**Hape My Pets Wooden Toddler Knob Puzzle**](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006WZO28I/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1&_encoding=UTF8&tag=didellc-20&linkCode=ur2&linkId=0e62c87b146eb329d64b76d9ff168eb7&camp=1789&creative=9325)
